Let's now fill each of the card elements
with the correct data for each of the tours.
So, just as a quick recap.
In a last video we started by creating this main element
and an inside a div container element
then inside of that container
we want one of these card elements
for each of the tours that comes in the array
that we pass in to this template.
And for that we use a Pug array that works
just like this.
So, what is each keyword here
and the result of doing that looked like this, all right.
And so what we're going to do now is to basically,
fill each of these cards here with the actual data.
And let's start here with the tour name.
So, remember how we put the value of a variable
inside of one element.
Well, we use equal and then in this case tour.
So, the name of the variable
in current loop iteration, right.
And so that's a tour document and then dot name, remember.
So, let's check that out in compass very quick.
So, here we have four tours
and so this is all of the data
that we're going to need now, okay.
And starting with the name here, okay.
And so if we now reload our page that should actually
be reflected in here.
And so this is where the magic starts and it worked.
And so this is the first time that we really see
the data from the database being actually rendered
on the website.
So, here we have the tour name for each of the tours
and again that is now coming right out of our database.
So, fantastic that's really cool
and so let's now actually continue building this card.
So, here about the image now.
Let's also put the alternative text to the tour name.
Now we cannot simply put a tour dot name here
because we're inside of a string
and so that doesn't work.
Now at the same time
if we do it like this it's also
not going to be working because here this Alt
actually expects a string, okay.
So we need some quotes here around this variable.
And so the easiest way of doing that
is to actually use ES6 template strings, okay.
So, just like this and again that's because
this actually here expects a string to be come in
and so with this of course we are creating a string.
Next up let's then specify the image here, okay.
So, let's take a look at compass again
to check out what's that cover image looks like okay.
And so we have a property called image cover
and then in here we only have the name of the image itself.
So, not the path to the image.=
and so that we will actually have to manually specify, okay.
So, but what matters here is that
it's called image cover.
And so let's get rid of all of this.
Start by creating a template string
and then tour dot image cover
and now we need to figure out
the entire path to that image, okay.
And so as we already know the image data
is inside the public folder.
So, the folder from which all the static assets
are going to be served
and so in here we have images.
And then we have a folder.
One for tours and one for users, okay.
And so inside of each of these tours
we then have the three pictures and one cover photo.
So, that's going to look something like this.
And so the path here is image dot tours or slash tours
and then slash the name of the image, great.
So that should make whole websites
look even better now yeah.
Now it's really starting to come to life.
So, that's fantastic.
This makes me feel really great
each time that it works.
Anyway, let's now take care of the rest of the data
which of course still looks the same
across all of these cards, okay.
And so let's now use the data in our collection
to build this string here.
So, you see that this actually is a combination
of a different data.
So, we have the difficulty and the tour duration
and so let's here now create a template string.
So, basically assign this template string to this element.
And so we start here with tour dot difficulty,
remember, then the space and then the tour duration,
tour dot duration day tour, okay.
So, that's the translation of this content.
Then next up what we have here is the tour summary, okay.
So, equal tour dot summary, all right.
Then next up we have the start location
and so this tour for example
starts in Banff Canada and so again
let's take a look at compass here
just to see how the data looks like
or actually we don't need to always be switching
back and forth to compass.
We can also just open up or or import data here.
So, on the tours we can simply use this data here
instead of always going to compass.
So, before we use the summary
now let's go ahead and use the start location
which is actually up here.
So, now we want start location dot description, okay.
So, tour dot start location dot description.
And so now you start to see
why it made sense to actually create
all of this different data that we created here.
Right, next up we're gonna use to start dates
and so keep in mind.
That this is an array, okay.
Because now what we want in our overview
is basically the date where the next tour starts.
So, that's what is icon with a calendar here
means in this case.
So, that's basically the first element
of that start dates array.
So, start dates at position 0.
Next up we have this piece of data which says
how many stops there are in these tours.
And so basically that means
how many locations we have
and so again we're going to use the locations
and this time not start location
but really this locations
and so if you want to specify how many locations we have.
Well then we need to count the length of this array, okay.
And so that simple as well.
So, equal and then set it to this template string
because we also want to add this stop
and so tour dot locations dot length stops
and finally the amount of people
that are part of each of the groups.
So, the people that can participate in one tour
and so that is stored at tour
but max group size, remember.
And then people.
Great, so that part is done now
and so let's actually go back to our website
and test that out.
And yeah beautiful at least almost beautiful
because this date looks kind of weird here.
So, we really just want June twenty twenty-one
so we don't need to be all that specific here
in this overview, okay.
And so what we want is to look like is again June 2021
and so right now it's all of this mess
and so let's fix that
and thankfully that's actually very easy
with JavaScript which includes a couple
of very nice functions to work with dates.
And keep in mind that each of these start dates here
really is a date object in or database
and so now we can use a function like this one
to local string, okay.
So, basically it will convert this date
into a nice readable string
and in here we can now pass an option for the language.
And so that is English for US
and then also an object with some options
and so here we can now specify that we want
a month to be long.
So, instead of just an abbreviation
like we had here.
so, one April, one Aug
it will now print it out like this.
So, really the name of the entire month and okay
and then also saying that the year should be numeric
and if you want to learn more about this function here
then just go ahead and Google that, okay.
So, let's try that out again
and now it looks really nice, awesome.
So, let's keep it moving and finish this last part here
with the price and the rating details.
And so that's down here in the card footer
and so here that's just the price.
So, equal to let's actually leave it there
because now we still need a template string
because the price is not only this number
but actually we need an extra dollar sign here
for the dollar price.
So, this one, right.
Next up we have the average rating here.
So, that's this and so we already know
that this is called tour dot average rating.
So, we used that so many times at least I believe.
Let's just confirm it so actually it's ratings average
and then also ratings quantity.
So, let's just copy this.
So, ratings average
and now here we want ratings quantity.
All right, but of course this needs to be a template string
and then here set it to equal
and then of course interpolate the variable name in here
and now finally we need to build the URL
to the detail page, okay.
So, remember that when we click on one of the cards.
It then takes us to the detail page
and so of course here we now need to specify that link
because of course that will depend on each tour.
So, we want to link to be slash tours
and then remember how I mentioned before
that for rendering these pages we actually
will want to query tours by their slug
and not by their ID.
How we did it in the API okay,
because that actually makes the URL look a much nicer, okay.
And so let's use that here now.
So tour dot slug
and so just to explain you
why we start this URL here with a slash.
It is because building a URL like this
so starting only with the slash is called a relative URL
and what this will do is that
it will then add at this piece of the URL
after the host name.
So, that host is right now one to seven point zero zero one
but that is not necessary to specify here
because again when writing a relative URL like this
it will then add what we have here to that host name, okay.
So, let's reload that again
and so we're almost finished here
not quite ready.
So, here you see undefined
and so we probably did something wrong there.
And also you see that there is no space here
between the price and the per person
and also here the same now.
If you hover this button here
then down there in the left corner.
So, down here you will see the URL
that we just build.
Can actually click it
and it will then give us this error
because of course we didn't define this route yet
but you see that it looks really nice here
with the tours slash the forest hiker
instead of having that ugly looking ID up there, okay.
But anyway let's now fix this undefined
in this missing space.
So, let's take a look at this one.
Well, it looks correct actually ratings, quantity
but of course we're missing this tour dot, okay.
You probably were already seeing that one.
Now about that missing space.
There's something new that I need to show you about pug
which is this so-called empty piped lane
or a line, actually.
So, whenever we need a real space
between two inline-block elements
which are these bands then we need
to manually create that space
using this piped line here like this, okay.
And the same thing down here
because otherwise as we just saw
it will simply glue all of these elements
then together, all right.
So, now all of that should be fixed
and that space is still not there
and that's actually because we forgot something.
And so let's go back
and we actually need to manually add
that empty space here and here.
So, this empty pipe line here basically,
creates a space for us where we can then create content
outside of an element
and so that's basically what this space is.
So, this space here that we just put here.
So, this empty space it's content that's not inside
of any of these two elements.
And so again in order to be able to do that
that's what we need this pipeline for.
So, these two pipelines.
So, try that again
and now indeed here goes the space
that we just created, perfect.
And with that we actually wrap up this lecture
and this stunningly looking first website
or part of the website that we just built here together.
So, a moment to appreciate how cool this really is
and also how all of this code
that we wrote it together actually works, okay.
And then after that come right back
so that we can build together the tour overview page.